and immigration is going to be indifferent to whether
Franc is this or that. I would say
that he has everything tied up and well tied up,
so that what shouldn't happen doesn't
happen. I understand that if he has a
visa that allows it and he pays his
taxes, well he could save himself there,
but the thing is that in Thailand, a country with
clear and very difficult laws, so it could
happen that they tickle him and
find something. I think it could happen
that he is convicted of one of the
crimes, not the issue of work. I
find it curious because when we are
dealing with the issues of Daniel Sancho, yes, I have
seen that a lot, eh, that they really get on
the nerves of people who come from
abroad and are doing some work, it
seems to me that Daniel Sancho's own lawyer
had some kind of situation, so they
could tickle him. I hope Fran
has it well tied up, that if he doesn't have it
well tied up, well they will
tickle him there. I see this more
as an issue of honor, eh, because although
honor is highly punished in Asia, Fran.
What he has said about her is that he
is  asking for money for the sanctuary and
people think he is a very bad person,
that's why he put money for the
sanctuary